---
Module Name: EditorServicesCommandSuite
Module Guid: 97607afd-d9bd-4a2e-a9f9-70fe1a0a9e4c
Download Help Link:
Help Version: 1.0.0
Locale: en-US
---

# EditorServicesCommandSuite Module

## Description

Collection of editor commands for use in PowerShell Editor Services.

## EditorServicesCommandSuite Cmdlets

### [Add-CommandToManifest](Add-CommandToManifest.md)

The Add-CommandToManifest function finds the closest function definition in the current file and uses it to update manifest fields.

### [Add-ModuleQualification](Add-ModuleQualification.md)

The Add-ModuleQualification function retrieves the module a command belongs to and prepends the module name to the expression.

### [Add-PinvokeMethod](Add-PinvokeMethod.md)

The Add-PinvokeMethod function searches pinvoke.net for the requested function name and provides a list of matches to select from.  Once selected, this function will get the signature and create a expression that uses the Add-Type cmdlet to create a type with the PInvoke method.

### [ConvertTo-FunctionDefinition](ConvertTo-FunctionDefinition.md)

The ConvertTo-FunctionDefintion function takes a section of the current file and creates a function
definition from it. The generated function includes a parameter block with parameters for variables
that are not defined in the selection. In the place of the selected text will be the invocation of
the generated command including parameters.

### [ConvertTo-LocalizationString](ConvertTo-LocalizationString.md)

The ConvertTo-LocalizationString function will take the closest string expression and replace it with a variable that references a localization resource file.

### [ConvertTo-MarkdownHelp](ConvertTo-MarkdownHelp.md)

The ConvertTo-MarkdownHelp function will replace existing CBH (comment based help) with markdown generated by the PlatyPS module.  The CBH will be replaced with a EXTERNALHELP comment, and the new markdown file will be opened in the editor.

### [ConvertTo-SplatExpression](ConvertTo-SplatExpression.md)

The ConvertTo-SplatExpression function transforms a CommandAst to use a splat expression instead
of inline parameters.

### [Expand-Expression](Expand-Expression.md)

The Expand-Expression function replaces text at a specified range with it's output in PowerShell. As an editor command it will expand output of selected text.

### [Expand-MemberExpression](Expand-MemberExpression.md)

The Expand-MemberExpression function creates an expression for the closest MemberExpressionAst to the cursor in the current editor context. This is mainly to assist with creating expressions to access private members of .NET classes through reflection.

### [Expand-TypeImplementation](Expand-TypeImplementation.md)

The Expand-TypeImplementation function generates code to implement a class. You can specify a type to implement, or place your cursor close to a type expression and invoke this as an editor command.

### [New-ESCSSettingsFile](New-ESCSSettingsFile.md)

The New-ESCSSettingsFile function creates a settings file in the current workspace. This file contains settings used by this module for determining where to find specific files.

### [Remove-Semicolon](Remove-Semicolon.md)

The Remove-Semicolon function will delete any semicolon in the current file that is not followed by a new line or is within a class property definition.

### [Set-RuleSupression](Set-RuleSupression.md)

The Set-RuleSupression function generates a SuppressMessage attribute and inserts it into a script file. The PSScriptAnalyzer rule will be determined automatically, as well as the best place to insert the Attribute.

As an editor command it will attempt to suppress the Ast closest to the current cursor position.

### [Set-UsingStatementOrder](Set-UsingStatementOrder.md)

The Set-UsingStatementOrder function will sort using statements by type (e.g. Assembly \> Module \> Namespace) and then alphabetically.
